-Previously on Ride or Die...
-[Sam] I think the hit
on Billy Donovan was a setup.
By whom?
[Sam] A former operative. Redback.
Redback is dead.
[Director] Whiptail lied about Redback.
[singsongy] I'm going to kill
your favorite girl.
[Sam] If I go against him.
-I lose my job. I lose everything.
-Yeah.
including your agent
if you don't warn her what's coming.
I have a job for you.
Whatever you think you know about Ana.
you stay the fuck away from this.
Yeah. we're here to see Elijah.
I need you to access the account
I had you set up for David Claybourne.
It's gone. It's cashed out.
-Clara?
-[Debbie] That's it.
That's how we pay the Albanians.
We're gonna rob him.
[Billy] How much is it worth?
Eighteen million pounds.
He's in the same boat as us.
The Albanians are after him. too.
Which means he's gonna run off
the first chance he gets.
Debbie Claybourne.
My name is Jacques Boucher.
I am Interpol.
I know the Albanian mob are chasing you.
I'll protect you from Kreshnik.
and together we can end this.
-[gasps for air]
-Where's our money?
[all grunting]
-[grunts]
-[yells]
[gasping for air]
[heart beating]
[Debbie] Judith.
Judith.
[heart beating]
Judith. get up.
-[smoke detector beeping]
-Get up. honey. We got to go.
-We got to go. I got you. I got you.
-[Judith panting]
[people screaming]
[both muttering]
I got you. I got you.
[crowd clamoring]
We. we can't leave without Billy.
-Forget him.
-I--
He's gone. He left. and he took the bag.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[people shouting. clamoring]
[Debbie] Okay.
[Judith groaning. panting]
[shouts]
[Billy] Are you ladies looking for a ride?
I stole a boat.
-[sighs]
-You came back.
-Of course I came back.
-[gunshot]
-Aah!
-Hey. not so fast.
[Judith panting]
Okay. okay.
Listen. I got your money. okay?
I got it. Billy!
Billy. show it to 'em.
Oh. Oh. I'm reaching down. okay?
It's not a weapon.
It's to repay the debt.
It's not cash.
but it's the same thing. okay?
I might have thrown it
in the boat a little bit
more aggressively than I thought.
Fuck.
Take the wife and kill the others.
-No!
-[Billy] No!
-[gunshots]
-[screams]
[thudding]
[both panting]
From Sam.
[Billy] Hey. come on.
We got to go.
-[gasps for air]
-Come on. we got to go.
[exciting music playing]
-[entry bell jingling]
-Sorry. we're closed.
[Ana] Should probably lock the door. then.
[writes quickly]
You don't seem that surprised to see me.
I guess news travels fast.
I'm sorry for what happened
to you. Ana. truly I am.
but I had no idea where you were.
that you were even alive.
I had no part in it.
I know.
Not here to punish you.
I'm here to punish him.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[doorbell rings]
-Hey. it's me.
I-I did it. I-I.
I got in touch with Whiptail. and...
[entry bell jingling]
[boxes thud]
[♪ Tors plays "Now We Fall"]
♪ Oh. time ♪
♪ I'm about to let you go ♪
No. No.
♪ Don't hide. all the rebel that we own ♪
♪ Oh. that feeling
we've been stealing time ♪
♪ Broken glass won't fit ♪
♪ the way we like ♪
♪ Who am I to let you down? ♪
♪ Heart can break without a sound ♪
♪ Wings on fire. now we fall ♪
Who was that?
Who the hell was that?
What does it say?
♪ Who am I to say at all? ♪
Judith. what does it say?
Redback is alive.
[tense. suspenseful music playing]
[gasps] Redback is alive.
[breathes roughly]
[♪ Gin Wigmore sings "Kill of the Night"]
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ And I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way that you bleed ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
[woman singing in Spanish]
[musical chiming]
Mm.
[coughs]
Okay. I've got one.
[Ana] No. no. no. no. no.
I've got one. I've got one.
Never have I ever...
taken out the Bolivian embassy.
-Oh. Oh.
-[shrieks. laughs]
-I just knew it. I knew it.
-[mutters]
Oh. I knew it was you. [gasps]
[Judith] Oh. goddamn it.
Oh. you know. normally
I hate being paired with anyone.
-Hmm.
-But I like it when it's you.
I like it when it's you.
[Judith] Mm.
Aw!
So... how'd you get into this?
[laughs] You never asked me that before.
Well. I'm asking you now.
[pours drink]
I don't know.
Probably the same way you did.
What about before?
You know the rules. There is no before.
[men speaking Spanish nearby]
They're early.
Who the fuck are you?
I'm Redback. this is Whiptail.
and she's my best friend.
[♪ Mariachi Osuna plays
"Canta el Mariachi"]
[loud pounding on door]
[Brian] Password?
-Melon! Melon!
-It's Melon. Brian. just open
the fucking door.
-Careful. careful.
-[Brian] Shit.
-Oh. you shut the door behind us. yeah?
-[Debbie] I got it. I got it.
[Billy] Now watch your step.
[Judith panting rapidly]
Yeah. put her down here. Hang on.
-[panting]
-[Billy] Here we go. Here you go.
-[Judith whimpering]
-Easy. easy. easy. easy.
[Judith] We got to keep moving.
-Shh.
-Redback's alive.
-Redback's alive!
-[Billy] What the fuck is going on?
-Who the fuck is Redback?
-Calm down.
Calm down?
An absolutely exquisite man just shot
three people through the fucking head
and then just fucking disappeared.
-You just set fire to a mansion.
-Shh.
And we robbed a fucking arms dealer.
Forgive me for not feeling calm.
The only thing that matters right now
is keeping her alive. so get it together.
All right?
[Judith whimpers]
Hi.
Hi. love.
[tense. suspenseful music playing]
Oh. my...
Oh. No-no-no gloves?
[Brian sniffles]
[Debbie gasps]
Oh. my...
This is crazy.
We need to get her to a hospital.
[Billy] The hospital's the first place
the Albanians will look.
They'll kill us as soon as we arrive.
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
Brian was a medic in the army.
I also quilt.
[somber music playing]
Goodbye. Diane.
Hang on.
He's in there.
Oh. right. Okay. we'll wait.
[Queenie] Oh. were you being serious?
No. I'm not
-fucking waiting.
-Queenie.
-No. fuck you and fuck him.
-No. Queenie.
-Sorry. sir. Sorry.
-Fuck you!
It's all right. Sam.
Hello. Victoria.
Don't call me that.
She's dead because of you.
You do know that. right?
Look. Sam told you
that this Redback psycho was alive. and
if you had just done something about it.
then she would be dead instead of...
What's the point of you?
What is the point of you and your stupid
organization and all your fucking power
if you couldn't even save her?
I'm not in the saving business. Queenie.
Don't call me that either. okay?
You don't know me.
I am aware that you have a number
of exceptional talents.
but death is not one of them.
I would caution you
against what you're planning to do next.
Well. I don't care what you caution.
because I'm gonna kill her.
Then you will fight very bravely
and die very quickly.
What you want requires training
and time and patience.
Yeah? And look
what your fucking patience got my mum.
Control your rage. or it will destroy you.
You can't avenge your mother
if you're in here with her.
Take care of her. Sam.
You ever hear anyone speak to him
like that before and live?
Never.
[Brian] Look. the stitches will hold.
but that gash was really deep.
If it gets infected.
she'll not survive without antibiotics.
So she needs absolutely everything
on this list.
Okay. uh. there is someone we can call.
This woman who owns a fake shoe shop.
She'll know what to do.
-Mrs. Williams?
-That's her.
Um. I'm sorry to be the one
to tell you this. but... she's dead.
What?
[slow. gentle music playing]
What's wrong?
Mrs. Williams.
No.
This is my fault.
-No. No. no. no.
-This is all my fault.
[Elijah] What the fuck is going on?
The fuck are you three doing here?
The whole fucking city
is looking for you. Get the fuck out.
What?
Whoa. Elijah. look at her. man.
-Where else are we supposed to go?
-I don't give
one shit where you go.
You can't stay here.
The fuck is the matter with you. man?
Look. you horrible little man--
-Oh. "little man"?
-Little man!
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Look. my...
my mummy's place is empty. yeah?
What with the whole being in prison thing.
Here. it's in my bag.
It's just outside the city.
N-No one will find you there.
Thank you.
Chop-chop.
[scoffs]
And she's wearing my fucking pajamas.
[Jacques in French] We secured
the whole perimeter.
-It's okay.
-[Colette] Jacques.
What the hell?
I gave you 24 hours and now I have
three dead Albanian gangsters.
This is a fucking nightmare.
We've got to bring those women
in before they kill anyone else.
You don't know this was them!
What makes you think this wasn't them?
They get on a train. a man is dead.
They get to Castille.
four drug dealers end up in the hospital.
They get to Monaco.
three Albanians are dead in the street.
I'm putting out the Red Notice.
If you do that. we lose...
We have already lost any chance of
getting to Ergon Kreshnik.
We tried. we failed.
Your Veronica Gillingsby isn't
going to help us.
Her name's not even Veronica!
It's Debbie Claybourne.
She's the wife of a British MP.
It's a fake passport.
She's running. and she's scared.
How do you know?
Oh my god. you've met her.
So if you had her. how did she get away?
Did she hit you?
No. an Albanian hit me.
And then I got distracted because
the house caught on fire.
Enough! Stop. You're done.
It's over.
No Colette.
please just give me a little time.
I don't think you understand. actually.
You seem to be under the impression
this is couple's therapy.
This is not a discussion. that's an order.
You can go home now.
[Billy in English] All right.
take your time.
[Judith] Yeah. yeah.
[Debbie] That's it. honey. We got you.
Take your time.
[Billy whispering] Take your time.
[whimpering]
Thank you.
-Okay. how's that?
-Thank you.
-Are you comfortable?
-Thank...
[Judith gasping]
How is it?
-It's-it's. uh. really good.
-It's... fine.
Yeah.
Listen. honey.
Let's call Sam. He'll know
how to get you everything that you need.
[mutters]
If he managed to get this
message to me.
then Sam must know that...
...she's-she's following him.
"She"? Who is she. Judith?
Who is she?
[melancholy music playing]
I should never have gotten you into this.
Now. you don't know
what you're saying. You need to rest.
[echoing] You need to rest. Judith.
You need to rest up.
Just need to rest.
[Debbie and Judith laughing]
[Judith] Sorry.
[both continue laughing]
Thank you for letting me
crash your business trip.
Oh. my gosh. Don't thank me.
I would have been bored
out of my mind without you.
[phone chimes]
What was that?
-Just David.
-Well...
yeah. but who did you want it to be?
'Cause your whole face just lit up.
[gasps]
[whispers] Are you having an affair?
No. I'm not having an affair.
Oh. please.
Stop asking me to have an affair.
No. it was...
It's stupid.
I haven't told anybody yet. but...
...I applied for a job.
and I'm just waiting to hear if I got it.
What is it?
Going back to law
to be a public defender.
The kids are leaving home. and I...
I'm ready to go back to work.
That's incredible.
I'm really proud of you.
It's in New York.
-What?
-I know it would be
a big change. but the kids
are thinking about going
to school there.
and so I'd be close to them.
And we'd still talk every day--
[Ana] What a surprise!
Oh. my God. I thought it was you. [laughs]
What-what are you doing here?
The same thing you are.
I'm a forensic accountant
and I'm here for the conference.
[Debbie] Oh. how exciting.
I've never met anyone from Judith's work.
-Really?
-Well. would you like
-to join us?
-Oh. no. no. she...
Don't want to keep you from your plans.
Oh. I-I'm pretty open.
But I-I wouldn't want to intrude.
Oh. nonsense. Please.
Pull up a chair. sit with us.
So...
how do you two know each other?
[both laugh]
Well. that's actually a very funny story.
I was broken down on the side of the road.
very. very pregnant...
-Oh!
-Ooh. oh. oh...
-Oh. so sorry. Deb.
-That's okay. uh...
-Can I...
No. I'll just...
I'll. uh. I'll get a napkin. uh...
-Sorry.
-Be right back.
[scoffs]
[mouths]
What the fuck are you doing?
[gags]
What? Mm.
I knew you were here.
so I cleared it with that moron Amanda.
I thought I'd surprise you. Surprise.
You need to go.
I'm working my cover.
But you love teaming up.
Not this time.
Get... out.
Oh. my God. Fine.
Geez. you're being
such a square about this.
What. you want people
to know you did Anton Yanchenko
-on your own?
-Ooh. are we talking
about Anton Yanchenko?
I just read an article about him
in the. uh.
The New Yorker.
He has a house on the coast near here.
Aren't they trying
to extradite him or something?
Awful man.
You know what?
I think I read that same article.
[scoffs] He's a terrible man.
I just got a work call. and I need to go.
It was so lovely meeting you.
-What-what is your name?
-Debbie.
Oh. it's Debbie.
-[Debbie laughs]
-Love that name.
Okay. [chuckles]
See you at the conference.
Nice meeting you.
So sweet.
Are all forensic accountants like that?
[Judith and Debbie chuckle]
[sighs]
[Judith] It's my fault.
All of this is my fault.
[Debbie shushes]
[shudders]
-[Debbie] You're okay. You're okay.
-[door opens]
Now I got a plan.
Oh. Okay. shh.
-Look. I found this in the shed.
-Shh.
I'm gonna rob a pharmacy.
-You're what?
-Yeah.
I just go in.
wave this around. Anyone stops me is...
No. no. We're not gonna kill anybody.
What other options do we have?
Look at her.
The people she worked for
can't help us now.
You tried to call
your Mrs. Williams. and she's dead.
The only person we know in Monaco
just kicked us out.
It's just you and me now. Debbie.
We're on our fucking own.
And she's gonna die
if we don't get her some help.
Look...
you've got ten minutes
to think up a better plan. all right?
Otherwise we're doing this my way.
[tense music playing]
[entry bell jingling]
Listen. we don't have to do--
No. I told you.
I don't want them to clean it up.
Queenie. I do this for a living.
Let us handle it--
I don't want anything
from that fucking agency. Sam! Okay?
I want to do it myself.
so just let me fucking do it myself!
Okay.
Then...
...I'll-I'll grab a... dustpan.
[mysterious music playing]
Queenie?
♪ ♪
-She took the tapes.
-What?
What was she looking for?
It doesn't matter
what she was looking for.
There's trackers on all the cases.
Sam. I know where she is.
[debriefer over recording] Why did
the mission fail?
[Judith] An assumption was made that
the second bodyguard was incapacitated.
but he was able to take the shot.
[debriefer] And the body?
[Judith] I dealt with it myself.
followed agency protocol.
Left no trace.
Redback is dead.
[gun dry fires]
Bang.
[debriefer] And. uh. can you explain
your request regarding
the law firm in New York
for a Mrs. Debbie Claybourne?
[Judith] A cover I use from time to time
was offered a position out there.
[rewinds]
[debriefer] And. uh.
can you explain your request
regarding the law firm in New York
for a Mrs. Debbie Claybourne?
[Judith] A cover I use from time to time
was offered a position out there.
[shuddering]
[whispering] Get out.
Get out. Get out... out of here.
[atmospheric music playing]
[in French] Call me when he wakes up.
-[elevator bell dings]
-[running footfalls approach]
[ominous music playing]
[in English] That's a nasty bruise.
Mr. Boucher.
You can't intimidate me.
Your name is Spiro.
you're Ergon Kreshnik's son.
You're the Albanian mob.
Well. maybe I am. maybe I'm not.
I saw you at the hostel.
I saw you at the train station.
Last night you were
at the party of Arnand Vicente.
Hmm. so were you.
If you had something on me.
you would arrest me. but you don't.
[elevator bell dings]
Good luck. Monsieur Boucher.
[phone vibrating]
-What?
-[Debbie] Hi.
This is. uh...
Debbie Claybourne.
Mrs. Claybourne.
Last night you said I could trust you.
You said you could help.
I guess we're going
to find out if that's true.
[lively. suspenseful music playing]
[man shouts in French]
[phone vibrating]
Hello?
[Jacques] The box
is in position. as we agreed.
[bell tolling]
You said you weren't gonna be here.
I said I wouldn't arrest you.
Are you alone?
It's just me.
And that's a promise.
-How can I trust you?
-You can't.
Just like I can't be sure
you're not going to take that box
and give me nothing in return.
I need the information you have
on Ergon Kreshnik.
and you need what's in that box.
Debbie. if you had any other options.
you wouldn't have called me.
[mysterious music playing]
I know how the Albanians
are bringing the drugs into the country.
What? How?
If anything happens to my friend.
if the medicine doesn't work
or if I get arrested.
that'll be the last thing
I ever say to you.
Well. then. Debbie. I promise you.
-I will never...
-[thud]
Sorry. sorry.
[Jacques and vendors speaking French]
Goodbye. Jacques.
No. no. no. wait. Wait. wait.
No. no. Debbie. Debbie. wait. wait. wait.
Wait.
[lively music playing]
No. no. no. no. no. Hey. hey!
Hey. hey. hey!
[shouts]
No. no! [shouts in French]
Hey. hey!
[boy speaks French]
-Whoa. Merci. madame.
-Mm.
[boy shouts in French]
Interpol is sniffing around.
but what are they going to do?
The blonde girl is in a pretty bad way.
I saw to that.
She'll show up here soon enough.
[Ergon over phone] Not in such a bad way
that she didn't shoot three of my men
in the street like fucking dogs.
Yeah. I-I know. I know.
But don't worry. Dad. I got this.
"Don't worry. Dad"? "Don't worry. Dad"?
Let me tell you something.
I don't want to
fucking hear you say that again.
"Don't worry"?
"Dad."
Don't call me that.
If you want to be the guy they fear.
if you want to do this job.
make a name for yourself.
Don't use mine. Okay?
And now tell me something
that I don't already know.
They are with Billy Donovan.
What?
Yeah. the three of them
showed up at Arnand's.
and th-they-they escaped in a boat.
If that piece of shit
Donovan is with them.
they went to Monaco for one reason.
He got the money guy.
Go pay him a visit!
[phone beeps]
I'm surrounded by imbeciles!
Your security is not great either.
You guys sure do make
a lot of money on fish.
Who the fuck are you?
Oh. I'm the previously anonymous
benefactor who has been helping you
on your quest for Mrs. Claybourne
and her friend. who I have
temporarily misplaced.
I'm here to make a trade.
The husband for the wife.
The husband is dead.
He's alive.
He's all yours.
Tell me where they are.
I'll tell you where he is.
They're in Monaco.
They're with a guy called
Billy Donovan.
He's got an accountant there.
Oh. so they're looking for the money.
Clever girl.
Where is he?
All yours.
Well...
And now. having all of this.
why shouldn't I kill you?
Oh. you can definitely kill me.
but not before I fire this
directly into your balls.
hit the testicular artery.
and you bleed out in. what.
12 minutes?
[laughs]
I think the world would be
more interesting with you in it.
So do I.
Let's go.
[Amanda] Sir. we pulled the security feed
from last night.
The camera across the street
confirms it was Redback.
Who do we have?
My best. sir.
Kill her.
[tense music playing]
Okay. this is it.
Have you ever done it?
What?
Killed someone.
No.
Have you?
♪ ♪
[distant clattering]
[David shouts]
[grunts]
Mr. Claybourne. You're alive.
A rescue? Oh. thank God.
You won't believe what I've been through.
[grunts] Is it national news?
Am I a sensation?
No. no one is looking for you. idiot.
Where is she?
Oh. she's gone.
Fuck.
[sighs]
[footfalls thumping]
[whispering] It's her.
[Ergon speaking Albanian]
It's the Albanians.
Queenie. come on. Let's go.
Wait. wait.
Take me with you. please. They'll kill me.
If you're looking for her.
I know where she's gone.
[doorknob rattles]
[shouting in Albanian]
[shouting continues]
[speaks Albanian]
[in Albanian] Boss.
-[car engine starts]
-Look.
-[tires squealing]
-Get him! He's in that car!
[shouting in Albanian]
♪ ♪
[phone vibrating]
[in English] Hello.
[Jacques] Hi. It's me.
How's your friend?
Better.
Her fever is coming down.
Thanks for the supplies.
I think they saved her life.
You're welcome.
You said you knew
how the Albanian mob moved their drugs.
No. no. no. no. no.
Please. not yet.
Debbie... w-we had a deal.
[stammers]
Talk to me. Debbie.
Why are they chasing you?
Let's start small.
Why were you in Monaco?
We were looking for my husband's money.
What money?
The £24 million
he stole from the Albanian mob.
Huh.
And I don't know where it is.
and I don't know where he is.
and the Albanians are gonna find us.
Debbie. Debbie. Debbie. listen to me.
The Albanian mob has chased you
across three countries.
and you're still alive.
That didn't happen by accident.
-Hmm?
-[scoffs]
That happened because you are smart
and you are very. very brave.
Yeah. well...
keep talking.
[laughs]
You're funny.
-[laughs]
-And you're very glamorous.
Too much.
Debbie. I can help you.
Together we can end this.
We're gonna find your husband's money.
and then we're gonna
stop Ergon Kreshnik.
Get out.
Put your hands up.
Oh. my God.
[Billy] Turn around.
Keep walking.
[in French] Please keep this
out of the press.
I don't want any information leaking out.
Understood.
Lieutenant!
Listen. I've approved it this time.
but if you're going
to take medical supplies
we really need you to fill out
the whole form. not just the first page.
That must be a mistake.
What are you talking about?
I didn't take out any medical supplies.
Your signature is right there.
[uneasy music playing]
Ah. exactly. must have forgotten.
won't happen again.
Lieutenant.
Son of a bitch.
We need to find Jacques.
It won't be complicated.
I put a tracker on his phone back when
I thought he was having an affair.
And was he? Having an affair?
No. I was.
[pounding on door]
[in English] Password?
[gunshot]
It's fucking Mordor.
Oh. going somewhere. huh?
Well. just having a bit of a tidy-up.
Yeah?
Where are they?
Who?
[screams]
Billy Donovan
and two women he's got with him.
where are they?
-[exclaims]
-Hmm?
They've gone to Brian's mum's house.
Where is it?
I don't fucking know!
The only man that does.
you just shot in the head.
Shit.
[screams]
[panting]
♪ ♪
What's this. huh?
What's this?
-You followed me?
-I put a tracker
-in the box.
-He's Interpol.
-I know.
-You know?
He's the reason she's still alive.
Debbie. you just brought
the police right to us.
Actually not the police. Interpol are
-a separate organization--
-It was a better option
than killing a bunch of people.
How is this a better option?
We made a deal.
You promised me you wouldn't follow me.
[Billy] Oh. my God...
You took him on his word?
-We're criminals!
-You're a criminal!
I'm a lawyer!
And a mother.
And my best friend was dying.
and we were out of moves.
so I did what needed to be done.
Look. Debbie.
Debbie. I'm sorry. I-I shouldn't
-have followed you.
-No. you shouldn't have.
But what I said on the phone was true.
I can help you.
We can find the money your husband stole.
Yeah. nice try. dickhead.
but the money's gone.
You can't just disappear
£24 million.
Look. Interpol handles financial crimes.
This is what I do day in and day out.
We can find the money.
we can stop Kreshnik chasing you.
Don't listen to him.
He's double-crossed you once already.
He'll do it again.
-We can't trust him.
-You've got a family. you've got kids.
You can't just keep running.
It's not you we want. it's Ergon Kreshnik.
It's the Albanian mob.
[Billy] How the fuck
is she gonna get you the Albanian mob?
[Jacques] If you testify against Kreshnik.
I can keep you all safe.
Here we go.
Yeah. I've heard this story before.
You offer us a lovely
little plea deal. yeah?
Promise us we get off scot-free.
and we go to prison
for the rest of our lives. Fuck that.
Debbie. listen to me.
I know you don't care about me.
but if she goes to prison.
the people she works for
will kill her. Immediately.
[tense music playing]
That's how this game works. She will die.
She cannot go with him.
He's right.
You can't have her.
Thank you.
Nor Billy.
Fantastic.
Just me.
Jesus Christ.
Take her and get
as far away from here as you can.
-No.
-This is my fault.
It's my plan that got her hurt.
so let me fix it
and stop the Albanians from chasing us.
Listen. I-I-I know what I'm doing.
I know what I'm doing.
I won't tell them
a thing about you. I promise.
And then.
when it's safe. I'll come find you.
Debbie. I can't just let them go.
Well. he's the one
with the gun. so I think you can.
You wouldn't let him shoot me.
If it means protecting her.
there's nothing I wouldn't do.
[Debbie] Are we talking
about Anton Yanchenko?
Aren't they trying
to extradite him or something?
♪ ♪
[Ana] You love teaming up.
[grunting]
[people speaking Russian in distance]
[Ana] Why were you being so weird earlier?
[Judith] Wasn't being weird.
[Ana] You were being so weird.
What's the deal with that Debbie woman?
[Judith] She's just a cover.
-[bang]
-[gas hissing]
[man coughs]
[body thuds]
Forget about it.
[grunts]
[silenced gunshots]
[Ana] You must have been bored
out of your mind with her.
Anyway. not like it matters.
[Judith] What do you mean?
[Ana] I mean...
she's seen us together.
She heard us talk about Yanchenko.
She has to go.
[indistinct chatter]
[Judith] No.
[Ana scoffs]
Yeah. I know how you feel about civilians.
Don't worry. I'll kill her.
[indistinct chatter]
[intense music playing]
[silenced gunshots]
-[man shouts]
-[glass breaks]
-[knife slices]
-[man grunts]
What?
Oh. I killed all three.
Sorry. I-I don't want the money.
I just like hanging out.
Are you coming?
[shouts]
[Judith pants]
♪ ♪
[gasps] Debbie. Debbie.
We're getting out of here.
Interpol are here.
Debbie called them. don't ask.
-[grunts]
-She's going with them.
You're going with me.
Can you walk?
♪ ♪
They haven't done anything wrong.
Neither of them.
What about the man on the train?
That was me.
Really?
Yep. Killed him.
[Judith] She didn't kill him.
I did.
Judith. no.
You need to listen to me. Debbie.
This whole time...
...she's been playing me.
I thought she wanted me. She wanted you.
Me? Why does she want me?
She was gonna kill--
I've done the most terrible thing.
Stop. don't say another word.
Whatever you did. you did
to protect me. and now
-I'm doing this to protect you.
-No.
I'm going with him. and...
you have to go with Billy.
Okay?
I love you.
and I need you to get out of here.
[Billy] Aw. shit.
-[Jacques] Aw. merde.
-[Billy] Now. who is that?
It's my ex-wife.
Your ex-wife's police?
You've got to get out of here.
-No.
-[Billy] No. no. no.
We can't now. They could have
this whole place surrounded.
I told you we couldn't trust this guy.
I didn't know they were coming.
If they were with me.
they would have stormed the whole place
the second you put that gun to my face.
Yeah. I'm about to shoot you on principle
-at this point.
-[Judith gasps]
Where's Debbie?
-Huh?
-Where's Debbie?
Debbie?
[percussive. tense music playing]
Oh. hello.
And goodb-- [groans]
[thud]
[car engine starts]
[Colette] Hey!
No.
[Colette shouts]
[shouting in French]
[Billy] No. no. no. no.
She did this for you.
You need to let her go.
Come on.
[♪ King Mala sings "Gød"]
[officers shouting indistinctly]
She trusted you.
so I'm gonna trust you.
You keep her safe.
[sirens wailing]
♪ You know you did it on purpose ♪
♪ Prayed on all fours ♪
♪ I watched you whine at the sky
so it hurts less ♪
♪ A dog at the door...
[Colette speaks French]
Jacques.
[in English] Where is the other one?
[in French] The other one. where is she?
[in English] It was just her.
The other one had left
by the time I got there.
♪ Oh. so you wanna be a god? ♪
♪ You pray for power in the dark ♪
♪ Don't mistake this for an omen ♪
♪ This is your chance to be chosen ♪
♪ You say you wanna be a god? ♪
♪ You pray for power in the dark ♪
♪ You broke it.
you bought it. you own it ♪
♪ I know you wanna be a ♪
♪ Isn't it fun? Isn't it nice? ♪
♪ Feeling the rush ♪♪
[phone ringing]
Is it done?
Not yet.
The agent you sent to kill me
is a little tied up at the moment.
Redback. stop this.
Stop this? I'm only just getting started.
Oh. and please keep them coming.
'cause everyone you send is going to die.
[screams]
[bystanders screaming]
Oops.
-[clamoring]
-[car alarm wailing]
[brakes screech]
Heathrow. please.
[driver] Going on holiday?
Eh. girls' trip.
They just don't know I'm coming yet.
[foreboding music playing]
[atmospheric music playing]
♪ ♪